what's the second day of worlds groups
was coverage presented by you Gigi I'm
joined right now by none other than
reckless reckless who just murdered my
team from North America enter t that was
good a little rude of you yeah well they
sucked so honestly there wasn't much
they could have done I think I felt a
little bit though that we were too
scared but I didn't surprise I wasn't
surprised I didn't do much I didn't
expect anything honestly I thought going
to the tournament hundred thieves were
probably gonna be the worst team which
is why we're so happy when we drew them
but I still expected more you know I
expect them at this coming with like
identity sort of other European teams
are doing not us but g2 and vitality
know where they are kind of just
ignoring the meta and playing whatever
they want to play I thought if and
receives it that they will be more scary
than if they just pick meta like they
did now and try to play the game which
they obviously couldn't what what do you
think that they are the worst team I
mean obviously just now you stomped on
him but like what makes them the worst
and why were you so confident about this
beforehand I just thought and they had
better teams and honestly it's like if
they were to not quit qualified by
points that we probably wouldn't make it
at all so go like looking at the teams
at the tournament I feel like every
group has like two to three good teams
meanwhile our group only has two and
then G rice came in so you could
consider three maybe but I think
hundreds is dead last in our group and
then you look at other groups and only
teams you could consider like worse than
hundred thieves would be mad team and
Buffalo maybe but both of those teams
have this sort of like unknown feeling
towards them like you don't really know
where they came from what players they
have and what they have gone through
other careers you know you look at
hundred teams and we know them in an
owl's right just as how they know us so
we felt much more comfortable getting a
team like that rather than buffalo and
having the whole gigabyte marines thing
happening again alright so how are
things going on fnatic actually before
we get to that I will say I think it's
really exciting the last time I
interviewed you you weren't playing
you've decided to play League of Legends
so now it's great because we could talk
about the games that you've played what
what was a little plastic for you maybe
you can catch me up on on your life and
your transition back and all that stuff
so after we came home from LA just like
I told you I had a talk with Joey and
then I went home for a little bit
because they decided that it wasn't time
yet
but then I think right at the release
8.14 right 2015 I'm not sure which
patches was but there was a patch at
least when ad carry's came back and then
ever since that point I've just been
playing like pretty much non-stop with
this with the team I have some screams
that I step out but for the most part
we're playing just with me and the only
times we play without me is because
we're gonna keep two strat alive so that
if we go into a best-of-five or if
things start going to we can just
throw in weep oh and then just run like
an ice up our sleeve or something but
the meta now is kind of just ad carry's
so we just play with me for as much as
possible but it was very easy there for
a point like I thought once I went home
after la that I would probably not come
back at all
yeah so I was really happy to see that
ride actually let me play League of
Legends again sorry it's nice when
people can play League of Legends now
was it was it nice for you to have the
break though was it like nice for you to
relax and reset cuz you've been playing
for a long time so I don't know if that
was kind of like maybe you're even in a
better place for worlds cuz you were
able to sort of take a step back for a
bit yeah I think LCS is really boring
and I'm sure most pro players would
agree I think everyone just plays for
worlds or MSI if they can make it but
I'm a size harder to make it to then
world so I think most people just play
for worlds and you know once you come to
these boot camps and you come to Busan a
week before and you get like the
practice room and everything's just
really insane that's when you feel like
the whole journey is worth it but when
you play LCS especially a regular season
I feel like there's just no hype anymore
like no one feels hyped anymore even
like the players don't feel hyped they
found something hyped and everything's
just kind of boring so I didn't feel too
bad about sitting out and then coming in
for the semifinals and the finals like I
got to I got to do the good parts you
know so in a way I feel a bit bad
because we would did the hard work and
then I just came in and took over but at
the same time I think we just followed
the meta in a way like when there wasn't
any carries he played he smashed it when
everyone said he carries I played I
smashed it so now we're just at Worlds
with two different lineups that can do
two different things and everything
looks pretty good like I feel like we
could actually win this whole thing you
know so yeah pretty exciting well it's
it's excited to hear you say that
because I feel like a lot of people
think that you guys are the best Western
team that you're I've heard somebody
told me maybe it was a Draco sir videos
told me that
they think you're a top five team
there's all this fanatic hype or were
you worried at all that you're like I
there's maybe a too much hype like now
there's like the counter like don't - I
don't - annek what's it been like for
you experiencing all this so I think
hype is good because I feel like if we
lose then it doesn't matter anyways like
let's say we hype everything up like
crazy right and if we lose then we lost
anyway so it doesn't matter but then if
we win everything's really insane so I
currently enjoy the whole thing I feel
like it's great that people hype us up
because then if we perform it's just
like a very memorable thing that we got
going for ourselves but at the same time
I know that there are good teams here -
it's not like I'm just taking it for
granted that we're gonna make it to the
finals and we know thing it's just I
actually feel that we have a real
possibility kind of 2015 ish where
there's only a few teams that are better
than us I think it's hard to judge the
IG because we haven't fight against em
and we haven't seen them play but I
don't feel like other than aren t there
are that many teams that have like an
edge towards us I think maybe Katy but a
freaking Genji judging for screams and
judging of what we saw yesterday
maybe they don't necessarily have our
number anymore yeah so when we look at
like the potential quarterfinals
opponents I feel like in every case it's
gonna be good as long as we match our
energy and we don't get seated against
them and then for semifinals there's a
chance that there are our opponent and I
feel like if we play Orangina semifinals
at Worlds and we lose that's okay
because if we lost we probably lost
because they were better than us and
then if you were to beat them we're set
up to be no thing so it's okay in my
book
I feel like that's that's completely
fine and I'm just excited to you know be
a part of everything I can see you how
you've been playing this out in your
head you're like okay this happens and
then this happens it's sort of like when
you're excited about this thing and
you're like maybe this is whole thing
gonna happen you've got it you've got it
in your mind and I think that's exciting
to see if somebody gets so pumped about
it because I think for a long time like
people in the West they just feel like
there's no chance but you it definitely
feels like you have that what what do
you how excited were you yesterday to
sort of see some of the teams that
people were hyping out to be quite scary
look a little more human so I wasn't all
that surprised because as I said we
screen
these teams before so we could kind of
know that they weren't gonna perform
like crazy good as everyone else thought
like the Koreans usually would so it
wasn't that surprising but at the same
time I didn't expect you to win or
vitality to win and I thought that was
actually not a good thing because that
would probably set like a ticking time
bomb off we didn't both afreeca and
Genji where they would like figure
everything else really fast and become
super good I would rather have them just
dominate their groups and also figure
everything out everything out and then
play us in a potential quarterfinals and
then realize oh there's stuff we need to
fix and it's too late and then we beat
them so I didn't personally feel like it
was a good thing but if g2 or vitality
were to make it out then it would be a
good thing but I still don't really
believe in them making it out I thought
they just want a game using their like
burst strategies like Heimerdinger is
the best g2 strategy and vitality I
actually respect like the way they play
the game but I also thought they use
many of their like best cards to get
that win meanwhile in our game I feel we
display standard like we just beat them
because we're better and I think that's
gonna get you further in the tournament
then you know teasing out wins but I
respect them for doing it because
honestly you need like what three wins
to get out of groups and if you can get
one against the Korean team then you
have a good chances now I'm I do get a
little worried because I do remember
like I try to everybody gets hyped but
it's like okay well I remember how it
usually goes in the beginning groups
like the Western teams look good at
every suck wait maybe this is gonna
happen so are you are you confident that
fnatic can stay ahead of the wave right
like if the eastern team's like start
picking up and then like the strength
start coming you can like stay ahead of
them as they're trying to figure stuff
out and get better over the course of
the tournament I would say yes I think I
don't think I don't think g2 eyetality
c9 or hundred thieves can make it ahead
of the wave but I think we can
definitely and I actually think liquid
can as well I was very disappointed when
I saw their game yesterday because I
felt like they just abandoned like all
sense of logic like they just they just
lost from like not trying to win and I
would like to see them at least trying
you know like even if you play against a
better team which Katie might be just
give it your all you know try
some crazy players try some crazy drives
do something but they just they just
lost and I thought that was pretty sad
to see but they have a decent group that
mad team and EDG which are both beatable
teams as you can see yesterday when they
played against each other so my hopes
are still full liquid but I think if
liquid don't make it we're probably
gonna be the only Western team which I
personally like a lot because that gives
me all the good stuff and then I can you
know make it a moment in my life where
you know it's not us making it to
semi-final in origin does it too and
then everyone's kind of like less high
because of it I would want us to go
really far and no one else to be able to
like kind of do it all over again that
would be my dream at least but maybe
orangey stops us I'm not sure yet it's a
good story they're like spotlight are we
we could well lead the charge for the
West that's kind of a fun thing the
final thing and this is really important
you now have a beard that I've noticed
this and I feel like you you kind of
over the years you're going through like
I don't know if it's like an EDM star
like rapper thing it's like you get the
tattoos now you've got the beer growing
out like is this is this a path you're
like this is a brand I want to build for
myself so the beard is I don't know if
it this is a global thing but in Sweden
at least a lot of sport teams have
something called playoff beards playoff
beard buff I don't know if this is
there's something like that in the u.s.
yeah yeah but basically that's kind of
my idea I don't think my beard looks any
good at all but for me it means
something so I'm just gonna keep doing
it until we lose and I don't count a
group stage game as a loss I think if we
lose a game in groups it's best one it
doesn't count like I personally don't
feel like it's fair this format that
we're still running I think if we were
to move over to like a dota 2 format
like that for the ti that would be the
dream for worlds but yeah these group
stages are yeah it's hard to get wins
III can understand you know why a team
like Jenny or Africa loses because they
go into the game and they play against a
heimerdinger they're never plating a
Heimerdinger and they go into a game
playing it's echo they never play again
psycho but then if they work paper so
three or so5 that would ever happen so
in my eyes group stage games don't count
unless you don't make it out if you
don't make it out then obviously there's
something wrong but if you make it out
as a 4-2 or a 5-1 it doesn't matter it
doesn't matter like what score you have
but if I lose the quarterfinals then I'm
shaving though you you play every team
twice so if you lose twice the kind of
loss the best of the
that kind of cancer yeah well I see what
you mean but I don't agree because like
let's say they paid you to now and then
they paid it you mean like actually this
time it might be like that because
that's just a couple days yeah just a
couple days but before this you would
pay them and then it would be like two
weeks and then you play again and then
maybe they practice something completely
new and then you teach you again so I
personally feel like best ones are not a
good way to show which teams are the
better ones which is why it's hard to
tell you know all of these games like is
it's Korea actually bad or are they just
getting teased you can't really tell but
I personally believe that they are not
bad I think there are just fine but
maybe not as dominant anymore and I
would personally place my money on RNG
if I was a fan because I think they are
like by far the best team at this ramen
it's it's hard to call the Heimerdinger
thing cheese though because it's that's
like a giant flashing sign like
heimerdinger's coming at you if you
don't ban it you should know that's
gonna hit right it's just if you never
experience it maybe you just think it's
it's stupid maybe you just like they
can't be this with a Heimerdinger that's
that's never gonna happen we have free
farming botlane for a Kyson and himer
just does a lot of things that you don't
think about it pressures your lane and
make sure you don't get dived it just
does things that you don't necessarily
see as a benefit and then they just
carry from the top side which i think is
very much like Jesus wants to play which
is why I think they had the right idea
going into day one like just play what
you're good at
don't care about the matter don't care
about anything just whatever you're good
at and I think this is like how you
should do it if you don't consider
yourself a better team just you know
focus on your strings and I think if any
for example once pick up a couple of
wins that's the way to go
they can't just expect to be too orangey
by being a better team like cloud 9 user
videos three or liquid it against Katy
they just have to try something you know
go for anything whatever you feel like
it's the way to go just to keep on with
the Heimerdinger because I think it's so
funny I just love the idea that no one
believes like Europe brought it to rift
rivals and and na is like well we could
be just shitty champion like na he's
like oh you know like this is actually
really good and in Korea is like oh
whatever who cares them a hi our digger
that's a meme champion you're gonna bust
out Tebow decks like it's just it's
nothing that nobody could stand against
it is there anything you would say to
any of the fans out there
well I want to show my gratitude to you
for coming over so I can do an interview
because I don't do any interviews if
it's not with you so now I can be on
reddit
hello reddit so that's nice well thank
you I I have to say it's a struggle you
said several good things in this
interview like I think hundred she is
the worst team at this tournament do you
know how good of a headline that is for
me reckless I I don't want to put that
up there if you get angry with me but
that the liquid might make it out yes
okay that's a good one
I like that maybe I'll go with that one
either way thank you so much reckless
for the interview for everyone else you
can check out the rest by coverage for
all things worlds right here on my
youtube channel you know what's
interesting about vending machines it
just makes me think a lot about the
choices that we make in our life you
know you're you're presented with an
option where you put some sort of
resource in and then you're able to
acquire something and there's just rows
and rows it's just it's so similar life
the different selections that you can
make it also kind of reminds me of
champion select and you're never sure if
you're gonna be able to make the right
selection here but you could be sure you
never make the wrong selection and
champion select if you use you gg our
sponsor that's right
you just click that link below the video
you go over there you type in a champion
name you'll learn all about them you'll
never lose champ select again and then
you'll just be venturing out wins like
you could just put some money in a
machine and then you get the win so GG
it's free they're our sponsor support
them